roles/build_push_docker_image/README.md, before:

# Ansible Role: `build_push_docker_image`

This Ansible role:
*  creates or updates an ECR
*  optionally builds a Docker image
*  pushes the Docker image into the ECR
*  tags the image

## Parameters

| Param                     |  Mandatory  |  Type   | Default                       | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |
|:--------------------------|:-----------:|:-------:|:------------------------------|:-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `ecr_repository_name`     |     Yes     |   str   | -                             | Name of the ECR repository to be created/updated. e.g. '{{ env }}-{{ project_id }}-crawler-cli'                                                                                                                                |
| `workspace_path`          |     No      |   str   | -                             | A temporary folder as the `chdir` folder to run docker build, normally no need to specify as Ansible role `init_workspace`set its value already                                                                                |
| `code_path`               |     No      |   str   | `'{{ playbook_dir }}/../app'` | Where to find Dockerfile                                                                                                                                                                                                       |
| `prebuilt_image_supplied` |     No      | boolean | `false`                       | Set to `true` will ignore docker build process and take the existing image for ECR publishing                                                                                                                                  |
| `adhoc_deploy`            |     No      | boolean | `false`                       | Ignored when `prebuilt_image_supplied` is truthy. When `adhoc_deploy` is truthy, use the docker image repo digest as the version to tag Docker image. Otherwise, use `{{ project_version }} as the version for image tagging.` |
| `share_with_org_unit`     |     No      |   str   | `''`                          | Set to the OU path like `o-xxxxxxxxxx/*/ou-xxxx-xxxxxxxx/*` to permit the readonly access to the image from all AWS accounts within the organization unit.                                                                     |
| `build_multi_arch`        |     No      | boolean | `false`                       | If truthy, this role builds the multi-arch image for amd64 and arm64                                                                                                                                                           |
| `extra_buildx_build_args` |     No      |   str   | `''`                          | Extra command line parameters to pass over to `docker buildx build`                                                                                                                                                            |
| `buildx_platform_param`   |     No      |   str   | -                             | Target platform. If not set it will be determined from the repository settings. Valid values are: `''`, `'linux/amd64'`, `'linux/arm64'`, or `'linux/amd64,linux/arm64'`.                                                      |
| `docker_build_args`       | Conditional |  dict   | `{}`                          | Mandatory when `prebuilt_image_supplied` is falsy. Key-value pairs of the values to supply for `docker build --build-arg ...`                                                                                                  |
| `prebuilt_image_tag`      | Conditional |   str   | `''`                          | Mandatory when `prebuilt_image_supplied` is truthy. Tag of the prebuilt docker image for ECR publishing.                                                                                                                       |

## Outputs

| Ansible variable                 | Type | Description                                                                                                                      |
|:---------------------------------|:-----|:---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `docker_image_full_name_and_tag` | str  | ECR-specific tag for the published Docker image. e.g. `965749599769.dkr.ecr.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/dev-scmi-crawler-cli:0.3.8.` |

## Examples

```ansible
- name: 'push the pre-built Docker image into ECR'
- include_role:
    name: 'ringier.aws_cicd.build_push_docker_image'
  vars:
    ecr_repository_name: '{{ env }}-{{ project_id }}-rambler'
    prebuilt_image_supplied: true
    prebuilt_image_tag: 'rambler:5.2.0'   # this image must exist locally, or available publicly (accessible via docker pull)

- name: 'show result'
  debug:
    msg: '{{ docker_image_full_name_and_tag }}'

#> 965749599769.dkr.ecr.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/dev-scmi-rambler:5.2.0

- name: 'build and push the Docker image to ECR'
  # note that we take the default {{ playbook_dir }}/../app/Dockerfile to build the image  
  include_role:
    name: 'ringier.aws_cicd.build_push_docker_image'
  vars:
    ecr_repository_name: '{{ env }}-{{ project_id }}-database-test'

- name: 'build and push the Docker image to ECR'
  include_role:
    name: 'ringier.aws_cicd.build_push_docker_image'
  vars:
    ecr_repository_name: '{{ env }}-{{ project_id }}-database-test'
    code_path: '{{ playbook_dir }}/../src'    # we run Docker build using '{{ playbook_dir }}/../src/Dockerfile'
    share_with_org_unit: 'o-umabch1ai4/*/ou-d3mj-k351defg/*'
    build_multi_arch: true
    docker_build_args:
      HTTP_PROXY: 'https://10.20.30.2:1234'    # results in docker build --build-arg HTTP_PROXY=https://10.20.30.2:1234

- name: 'show result'
  debug:
    msg: '{{ docker_image_full_name_and_tag }}'

#> 965749599769.dkr.ecr.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/dev-scmi-database-test:0.4.14
```

Commit message:

fix: updated the hash retrieving logic for multi-platform or cross-compiled image

roles/build_push_docker_image/README.md, after:

# Ansible Role: `build_push_docker_image`

This Ansible role:
*  creates or updates an ECR
*  optionally builds a Docker image
*  pushes the Docker image into the ECR
*  tags the image

## Parameters

| Param                     |  Mandatory  |  Type   | Default                       | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |
|:--------------------------|:-----------:|:-------:|:------------------------------|:-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `ecr_repository_name`     |     Yes     |   str   | -                             | Name of the ECR repository to be created/updated. e.g. '{{ env }}-{{ project_id }}-crawler-cli'                                                                                                                                |
| `workspace_path`          |     No      |   str   | -                             | A temporary folder as the `chdir` folder to run docker build, normally no need to specify as Ansible role `init_workspace`set its value already                                                                                |
| `code_path`               |     No      |   str   | `'{{ playbook_dir }}/../app'` | Where to find Dockerfile                                                                                                                                                                                                       |
| `prebuilt_image_supplied` |     No      | boolean | `false`                       | Set to `true` will ignore docker build process and take the existing image for ECR publishing                                                                                                                                  |
| `adhoc_deploy`            |     No      | boolean | `false`                       | Ignored when `prebuilt_image_supplied` is truthy. When `adhoc_deploy` is truthy, use the docker image repo digest as the version to tag Docker image. Otherwise, use `{{ project_version }} as the version for image tagging.` |
| `share_with_org_unit`     |     No      |   str   | `''`                          | Set to the OU path like `o-xxxxxxxxxx/*/ou-xxxx-xxxxxxxx/*` to permit the readonly access to the image from all AWS accounts within the organization unit.                                                                     |
| `build_multi_arch`        |     No      | boolean | `false`                       | If truthy, this role builds the multi-arch image for amd64 and arm64                                                                                                                                                           |
| `extra_buildx_build_args` |     No      |   str   | `''`                          | Extra command line parameters to pass over to `docker buildx build`                                                                                                                                                            |
| `buildx_platform_param`   |     No      |   str   | -                             | Target platform. If not set it will be determined from the repository settings. Valid values are: `''`, `'linux/amd64'`, `'linux/arm64'`, or `'linux/amd64,linux/arm64'`.                                                      |
| `docker_build_args`       | Conditional |  dict   | `{}`                          | Mandatory when `prebuilt_image_supplied` is falsy. Key-value pairs of the values to supply for `docker build --build-arg ...`                                                                                                  |
| `prebuilt_image_tag`      | Conditional |   str   | `''`                          | Mandatory when `prebuilt_image_supplied` is truthy. Tag of the prebuilt docker image for ECR publishing.                                                                                                                       |

## Outputs

| Ansible variable                        | Type | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        |
|:----------------------------------------|:-----|:-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `docker_image_full_name_and_tag`        | str  | ECR-specific tag for the published Docker image. e.g. `965749599769.dkr.ecr.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/dev-scmi-crawler-cli:0.3.8.`                                                                                                                                                                                                   |
| `docker_image_full_name_and_tag_<arch>` | str  | In case `adhoc_deploy` is truthy, these variables will be set to the SHA256 hash of the specific architecture. e.g. `docker_image_full_name_and_tag_arm64` = `180132115366.dkr.ecr.eu-central-1.amazonaws.com/dev-alloy-vectorizer-grafana-metrics-update@sha256:6d2b97ccacb063b2cf098a4c1932d5112d8742d6eb04aa5e26f7ce2c1b9e2078` |

## Examples

```ansible
- name: 'push the pre-built Docker image into ECR'
- include_role:
    name: 'ringier.aws_cicd.build_push_docker_image'
  vars:
    ecr_repository_name: '{{ env }}-{{ project_id }}-rambler'
    prebuilt_image_supplied: true
    prebuilt_image_tag: 'rambler:5.2.0'   # this image must exist locally, or available publicly (accessible via docker pull)

- name: 'show result'
  debug:
    msg: '{{ docker_image_full_name_and_tag }}'

#> 965749599769.dkr.ecr.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/dev-scmi-rambler:5.2.0

- name: 'build and push the Docker image to ECR'
  # note that we take the default {{ playbook_dir }}/../app/Dockerfile to build the image  
  include_role:
    name: 'ringier.aws_cicd.build_push_docker_image'
  vars:
    ecr_repository_name: '{{ env }}-{{ project_id }}-database-test'

- name: 'build and push the Docker image to ECR'
  include_role:
    name: 'ringier.aws_cicd.build_push_docker_image'
  vars:
    ecr_repository_name: '{{ env }}-{{ project_id }}-database-test'
    code_path: '{{ playbook_dir }}/../src'    # we run Docker build using '{{ playbook_dir }}/../src/Dockerfile'
    share_with_org_unit: 'o-umabch1ai4/*/ou-d3mj-k351defg/*'
    build_multi_arch: true
    docker_build_args:
      HTTP_PROXY: 'https://10.20.30.2:1234'    # results in docker build --build-arg HTTP_PROXY=https://10.20.30.2:1234

- name: 'show result'
  debug:
    msg: '{{ docker_image_full_name_and_tag }}'

#> 965749599769.dkr.ecr.eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/dev-scmi-database-test:0.4.14
```
